Hello, we were chasing you
and today I'll show you a mod but improved
effect where our gta san andreas well
now see for yourself you can this
question what effects seem to be all
Similarly , in this issue I decided
do first you show ordinary
the groove here I have is completely clean without
single fashion and now show how she
looks like with a mod and that's how it looks
I think the change is not right with the mod
strongly striking but here in
first see the color of the couple can be a little bit
changed
and I find a lot more but for me
the most beautiful is of course
and you see what he is beautiful epic
how everything burns of course has but it
not a link forehead and I think you will be all
Well simply awesome because it is persecuted simply
he is beautiful he is gorgeous and the color of the headlights
it is also normal here whatnot
changes the water there in my well for me
over the world the most important snake for me is
it is this fire
I install it for him
in general, the sky is exactly the same again
almost everything remains the same way
everything is not such that the visit of the soul so here
still kidko shreds fly do not know whether fly
they are without fashion but with the mod they just fly
very cool so i think it would be nice
match with mod on
drop dead sky which I already give you
showed earlier can credit me see
now just such a sky so to such
texture commune that is not texture kama
the effect of the reporting just does not roll
everything knows how to stop okay and now
proceed to install
installation here as usual, well, just easier
Nowhere to open the archive unzip
Avon here I already unzip it
here we will have four files it's just
so that if you do not forget where
install in the modus folder so copy
here are these three files you can kontrol c
you can also like me so we copied
Now we are looking for where our gta is installed
sanandres
I have it in the day the san andreas and more
once gata sanandres and daddy modus
of course now it’s just here without
Any programs insert here and all this
deal with the replacement of course the whole thing
replacements so well that's all
Now you will have such effects as
I can enjoy it because
I really like them, I hope so
same as i like them and thank you
for viewing with you was Garik